I I hate to say it because it was
already such a big story in 2025. I
think the thing to watch in 2026 is the
degree to which tariffs are rolled back.
Welcome back to WSJ's Take on the Week.
I'm Telus Deemos. We've got a special
episode today. We're taking on the year.
We're taking on 2025, the year that was,
and 2026, the year that is just kicking
off. And I'm joined by a couple of
special guests to do so. Uh, listeners
to this show may remember Aaron Back,
editor of Herd on the Street. Welcome,
Aaron.
>> Hello. Good to be back.
>> And we're joined for the first time by
David Waner, also of Herd on the Street.
Welcome, David.
>> Thank you. It's great to be here.
>> David, what do you what do you do? What
do you write about? What do you do?
>> I write for Herd on food, healthcare,
um, travel to some extent. Basically,
the things you enjoy and the things you
put in your body.
>> That's good. All right. So, everybody
everybody does a little bit of those
things at least once or twice a year.
Uh, all right. So, we're going to we've
got a couple of parts of this episode.
First, we're going to look at what
worked and what didn't in 2025. We're
going to look at the winners and losers
in the S&P 500. Then, we're going to
answer some of your feedback. You know,
we've been asking the audience for
things that they want to know about in
2026. So, we're going to tackle some of
those questions. We got some great
interesting thoughts on that. And then,
uh we've got a couple of uh got a couple
of hot takes for 2026. We've got some
things to watch, things that you guys
are interested in. Actually, I don't I
don't even know what they are. We didn't
we didn't say yet. So, we'll all be
learning together. All right, so let's
start with 2025. What worked and what
didn't? What were some of the winners in
the S&P 500 in 2025? Do you guys know
who were among the top five performers?
>> Uh, so the one I know for sure is hard
drive makers. Um, Seagate and Western
Digital, I think, are the top two.
>> They are. They are the top two. The
current order is Western Digital and
Seagate. And by the way, uh audience,
we're recording this in mid December. So
these these the order of things might
change slightly, but you know, just know
that at least at least through much of
the year, these companies were either
doing very well or not doing so very
well. And you are absolutely correct,
Erin. Western Digital and Seagate are
the top two. Uh what's interesting is
that they actually they they express
growth for these companies in terms of
exabytes of storage shipped. I don't I
don't know about you guys, my computer
is not up to xabytes yet. Um, and uh,
Western Digital earlier this year said
that the number of exabytes of storage
that it shipped, that's a billion
gigabytes by the way, was up 32% from a
year earlier. So,
>> and a lot of that's going to AI data
centers basically.
>> Yes. All right. So, what else did Well,
>> well, I would guess that something
related to all the trading that's been
taking place this year. Um, Robin Hood.
Uh, I'll have to confess that I cheated.
I I have seen that Robin Hood did very
well this year. Well, it's hard. It's
been hard to miss, right? The stock
joined the S&P 500 this year, right? And
it's up, you know, over 200% as we're
talking about it now. So, it has been a
big year for that.
>> But it also makes sense intuitively,
right? Just like it's been such a wild
roller coaster ride of like stock market
trading, the AI boom, you know, you
would think, you know, the younger
people, Gen Z millennials trading, you
you know, it sort of does, you know,
make sense that Robin Hood would be a
beneficial.
>> Yeah. Meme stocks even made a big of a
comeback this year. That's right. We had
a few of those
>> come and go over the course of the year.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and David, it doesn't surprise me too
that you were thinking about that
because you said you write about
consumer stuff. I mean
>> I I don't know. I would argue that the
trading and investing and related
activities like as Robin Hood does
prediction markets and also of course
you know people who do fantasy sports
and other
>> yeah crypto
>> crypto right other things that you know
we can call them gambling whether that's
charitable or not but that's you know
sort of the itch that it's scratch and
that's like a consumer that's like a
thing people spend money on right like
that's a form of entertainment I think
to some people as we've learned right
>> yeah that's true I mean it's like you
know the general trend towards like the
gamif ifying of finance, right? Like or
the gamification of finance, right?
People are just um you know, spending a
lot of time making bets just like you
know, they might have an app where they
bet on who's going to win the Knicks
game tonight
>> and a second later they're betting on
the stock, right? So, I just think it's
really all part of the same thing for
some people.
>> What else? What else did Well, any other
any other thoughts?
>> Uh well, there's a bidding war for
Warner Brothers.
>> There you go. That also bidding wars are
usually good for business. Warner
Brothers, of course, subject of the
current tugof-war between Netflix and
Paramount. Do you guys have any Do you
have a dog in that race? Like, do you
think you know what's going to happen
there?
>> I have a bet. I think I think Paramount
wins that. Um, you know, I'm I'm coming
at that from my experience watching the
uh Fizer Novon Nordisk battle to win a
GLP1 company.
>> Nova Nordis, Danish company comes in.
Fizer had a better relationship with the
Trump administration.
>> Fizer won that. I'm not saying, you
know, Paramount has an amazing
relationship with the Trump
administration, but I think that counts
a lot these days. Um, and of course,
you've got the competitive issues as
well. Yeah, I Paramount wants it more.
And from an antitrust perspective, it's,
you know, there's the the Netflix bit is
more problematic. Um, now you could
argue that Netflix is stronger
financially, so they arguably have more
money to throw at it, but all in all, I
agree with David. I think it's I think
Paramount's going to walk away with that
in the end.
>> I'll go ahead and give you the other one
cuz it's, you know, related to AI and
you've already kind of got that. Is it
the Micron Micron technology was the
other big winner uh in the top five in
the S&P 500 for the year in 2025. Uh
they make, you know, we talked about
hard drives were in demand. Memory is in
demand, too. Well, changing gears, what
didn't work in 2025? What are some of
the stocks that led the S&P on the
downside? So the bottom five stocks is
like probably not a lot of names that
people know. Kind of some idiosyncratic
stories where something went wrong at a
particular company.
>> Yes. One of those idiosyncratic
companies I would say is Ferve. They
were down over 60% as of this recording.
And by the way I'm saying Fizerve, not
Fizer. Uh not the drug company, the
FServe financial services company.
They're in the payments business. They
do a lot of payment processing. Chances
are when you swipe your credit card,
you've used Ferves services in the
background many times. uh their stock
was down over 40% when they reported
third quarter earnings. The new CEO had
to reset some of their earnings targets
and things like that. Uh it came as a
big surprise. Actually, the biggest news
that came out of that was that there was
one stock analyst who had a sell on
that. Our colleague Spencer Jacob wrote
about that earlier this year. So, which
>> became an overnight celebrity, this one
guy, the one guy who warned about it.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. He was like a mid20s analyst, like
not like the most heralded name covering
it. and uh he had a sell and Spencer who
himself is a former stock analyst like
lot wanted to chime in and say you know
what analysts get a lot of a lot of a
lot of crud from from people but every
once in a while they earn their their
keep. Uh what else? What else didn't do
well?
>> You know, I've got the midterms coming
and there's a stock in that group, uh
Molina Healthcare, I believe. Maybe it's
not top five, but it's like top 10.
>> It's it's it's among it's among the the
bottom 10 performers as of this.
>> Yeah. And I think it's it's it's
probably one of the most important
things coming into the midterms and it's
a stock probably most of the listeners
have not heard of, right? Uh but it
relates to the Obamacare and to
Medicaid, which is something a lot of
people are really paying attention to.
premiums are surging right now.
Healthcare is about to become a lot more
expensive for people
>> and this has everything to do with uh
you know the issues that are going on in
Congress right now where um you know the
parties just can't agree on a way to
renew the subsidies for Obamacare. These
are basically subsidies that were passed
under the Biden administration.
>> This is what was at the heart of the
shutdown essentially, right? Was the was
the subsidy conversation,
>> right? So, we're still kind of in this
uh situation where the parties just
can't agree on on on a deal here.
>> And there's a deadline at the end of
January at which if they don't make a
deal on this again, we could shut down
the government again. So, we might not
even be done with that whole discussion.
>> What's really interesting about this is
that um uh you know, under the Obama and
Biden administrations, healthcare and
health insurance was always just
growing. You know, more and more people
were getting insured. And this was good
for people, but it was also good for all
these companies that, you know, get paid
premiums and get subsidies from the
government. Now we're kind of starting
to see a trend that's going the other
way around and companies like Molina,
Oscar, Centine, but just the whole
system in general is just seeing less
money from the government coming in. So
that's definitely not helpful.
>> I wanted to ask you about another stock,
David, in particular. Um, I wanted to
see if you could help us understand why.
So another one of the bottom performers
was Alexandria Real Estate Equities uh
which is a life sciences REIT. So they
own properties that big drug companies
uh like tenants or like Bristol Meyer
Squib Eli Liy um you might have seen
driving down the FDR in New York. They
have like a giant building in that kind
of like medical cluster over there kind
of uh on the east side. Um and their
stock has gone down by you know about
half uh in 2025. Uh they cut their
dividend a ton. David, what's going on?
Why are like life sciences come I mean I
thought you know there's always new
drugs coming out and stuff. Why why is
that industry facing this real estate
challenge? Do you think
>> biotech has been moving at its own very
different trajectory from the rest of
the market? uh 20 for biotech 2021
>> uh was just this huge huge peak of
euphoria, right? It was remember the MR
discoveries and people thought well and
interest rates were were were low,
right? Because of the pandemic. So it
was just this combination of easy money
and amazing science.
>> Uh and the world just thought that
biotech was going to bring in these
great riches right away, really quick.
And there was just euphoria. People were
putting money everywhere they could in
biotech. And so obviously and I don't
know this real estate company very well
but obviously if you're a real estate
company in that area you benefit from
that and people are just uh you know
renting out offices and that kind of
thing. In the last few years we've seen
this massive downturn in biotech even as
AI and other areas of innovation have
done well. Biotech has struggled.
Layoffs, companies are closing. And you
know, interest rates have had a lot to
do with that there too. But it's just
been like, you know, look at Moderna.
It's a perfect example. You know, during
the COVID years, Moderna did fantastic.
Look how it's doing now. It stock is I'm
surprised it's not there. Probably not
there because it stock did terrible the
year before,
>> but you know, RFK Jr. has cracked down
on mRNA. So, biotech has not done well
over the last couple years. It's begun
the last 6 months or so. It's started to
turn around.
>> Another impacted sector seem to be some
consumer companies. Uh while tariffs
have had complicated effects on our
economy, there are there have been a
couple of companies that have cited the
impact of tariffs on consumers and
demand. One of those is Deckers
Outdoors. I don't know if you guys know
that parent company, but you certainly
know their product. They make Hoka and
UGG shoes. It expects consumers to act
increasingly cautious over the next few
months. But there's also just consumer
companies in that space, right, who make
like a popular brand. It feels like they
kind of have their ups and downs, too,
because Deckers was up 80% and 60% the
LA the prior two years respectively, 24
and 23. And another big decliner this
year was Lululemon. They've just kind of
been on sort of the downside of a of a
of a sort of some fashion trends, right?
They've got a lot of new competitors.
Their stock was down a ton this year.
The company's founder has been out
talking about how the company's lost its
weight to some extent. But what else in
consumer David you've been watching like
what are some other consumer trends that
didn't do well in 25?
>> You got the slop bowl, right? Uh the
slop infamous slot bowl. You know
>> what's the what's a slot bowl? you know,
um, companies that, you know, especially
if you walk around in the New York City
like we do and you lunch here during,
uh, you know, you go downstairs and
everyone's walking around with these
bowls, you know, and it all just gets
mixed in together and I guess that's
why,
>> uh, it's, you know, it's gotten that
name. But, um, you know, companies like
Chipotle, um,
>> which did not do well this year.
Chipotle was one of the top 10
decliners.
>> Right. Right. So yeah, you know,
companies like Chipotle, there's Cava is
a little less known, but it's the same
type of idea, but in Mediterranean food,
sweet greens, it's a it's like more of a
salad bowl. Like all these types of
companies, they've done terrible this
year. But, you know, if you look at
these companies, one of the reasons
they've done terrible is because they
are highly valued. They're they're
richly valued. These are growth
companies.
>> Again, those those are stocks that did
really well in the past. So, there's a
bit of a correction there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. but they are flashing, you
know, they're telling a story about the
economy and that's Gen Z and
millennials, their customer base, uh,
are pulling back a little bit. Um, it's
not a lot, but it's enough to make a
dent. It's like, you know, students, you
know, who have their loan payments
coming back are sort of saying, well,
maybe I I won't eat out this one week or
two weeks.
>> It makes sense if you think about it,
like where's one of the first places you
think, where can I economize if I'm
thinking to don't need to spend $17 on a
on a slot bowl at lunch, right? So, you
know, to the extent that and it's it's
been a really complicated story with the
consumer this year, there's there's
people saying, you know, you listen just
earnings calls, it's very confusing.
Some people are saying our consumer is
doing great. Some people are saying our
consumer is really struggling. So, it's
been hard to tell a coherent story about
it. But I think it's clear that in this
one particular part of the market
because interestingly like sitdown
chains like you I mean you wrote a piece
a great piece about how Chili's is
actually doing great,
>> right?
>> So,
>> and lots of retailers Walmart has been
doing terrific.
>> Correct. So whereas others like Target
have been doing terrible. So you know I
mean some of that might be down to
company execution. Some of it might be
down to trends. You know sneaker was in
last year is not in this year whatever.
But I think it's pretty clear in this
this particular area that there is an
economic story you can tell which is
that people just don't want to overpay
for a weekday lunch. You know this is
clear.
>> There were also a couple of companies
that didn't do well because they're not
necessarily felt to be on top of the AI
trend. So actually two of the biggest
decliners for the year, Trades and
Gartner are both companies in the
software services business. Trades does
advertising, right? Like they help
companies sell online ads. Gartner does
a lot of like AI does a lot of analytics
and data and things like that. And so
there's a feeling that those are
examples of companies that AI might sort
of displace, right? And I'm sure those
companies are going to be, you know,
implementing AI as well. But I think
there are a lot of stocks that investors
are saying, are they kind of AI left
behinds? Right. All right. Well, we're
going to take a quick break and when we
come back, we're going to talk about
what the audience wanted to think about
in 2026, what they think some of the big
ideas are, and they've got a couple of
questions for us. So, we'll have that in
a second.
All right, welcome back. So, we have
been asking our listeners, our audience,
our viewers here at Take on the Week for
what they think, what they want to know
about in 2026. And we got some really
interesting questions. So, let's take a
look at a few of them. Simon in England
asks, "Will energy or the lack of it or
its expense slow down or halt the ramp
in data center buildout in the US?" I
think that's a great question and I
think I think I think that's I think
that's right. I think it might.
>> Yeah. I mean the interesting thing is uh
up until this point I feel like we're
seeing the uh technology companies
basically come up with a lot of clever
workarounds. So you've seen a surge in
demand for things like portable
generators.
>> SGE Verova a stock that's done very
well. They sell gas turbines.
>> Caterpillar also makes you know things
that were previously used on a
construction site basically.
>> And so you know you're building a data
center. You're like I need energy now. I
can't wait for the grid you know to
build a connection to my data center.
there all these kind of improvised
there's also a I forget the name of the
company they make fuel cells but anyway
there's basically a lot of quick
workarounds to get energy into a data
center but that is going to hit limits
so we are going to find out pretty soon
you know interestingly whether like we
as a society the United States can ramp
our energy generation and transmission
fast enough to meet the needs um of the
sector or whether that will become for
example a big disadvantage to China so
Jensen Hong the CEO of Nvidia it's
actually public stated that you know one
big advantage that China has in the AI
race is just the availability of power.
Um so you know and the Chinese famously
can you know build things a lot faster.
So that that that's going to be
something interesting to watch for sure.
I want to flag just I just think this is
a great stat everybody should kind of
you know uh hold at the ready. our
colleague Jennifer Hiller wrote um in
the journal recently about this question
and what she said was that uh she cited
some some some uh estimates that America
should be adding about 80 gawatts of new
power generation a year to keep pace
with AI but we are currently adding like
less than 65 gigawatts per year. So it's
a it's and and that gap is like that uh
that's like like powering Manhattan
during a hot summer like so it is a
significant amount of energy that we are
not building enough of. So I think to
answer that that that question I think
absolutely that is going to be a big
part and I know that you know talking to
people who are financing the buildout of
some of these centers I mean one of the
risks they talk about is can we power
this thing right
>> at at a reasonable cost. I mean that is
that is something that that credit
investors I think are thinking about as
they're financing these buildouts.
>> Relatedly perhaps we had another
question from a Spotify listener asking
about climate change.
>> Uh how are we going to begin to prepare
for the consequences of of climate
including on our finances in 2026? Do
you guys think that climate change will
be a big big talking point for the
markets?
>> It's a funny question because I kind of
feel like 2025 is the year that we stop
caring about climate change. I mean, it
felt that way. It just it it just felt
like, okay, what's our priority, you
know, as a nation? Is it to win the AI
race against China or is it to do
something about climate change? And
climate climate change lost,
>> you know, I mean, we like I said, we're
racing to build these data centers and
we're using some pretty dirty
technologies like
>> nuclear is a big part of that
conversation. So, that's perceived as
friendly. So the the the optimistic case
could be long-term the power demand from
AI is so great that it's spurring you
know investment in things like small
modular nuclear reactors. Um and even
further out you know the you know true
AI optimists would argue that AI is the
technology that's going to help us solve
climate change by you know whatever
making buildings much more energy
efficient or something like that. Um,
but in the in the in the, you know, near
to medium term, the next few years, it's
just going to mean that we're using a
ton more power and a lot of it not that
clean.
>> One place I look for climate change to
play out is in the insurance markets.
And we did see we saw a significant
repricing of insurance, especially in
the reinsurance market, which is like
insurers market for insurance. The
people who sell you policies, they they
buy insurance in a the kind of wholesale
market. prices went up a ton to reflect
the fact that they have just not been
paying enough to cover the costs of
storms over the last few years, right?
Wildfires and not just hurricanes. We're
talking like severe thunderstorms and
things like that. Kind of things that
are people link to climate change.
However, it seems like that's petering
out a little bit this year. The outlook
now for reinsurance is that the prices
might start to come down. You know, uh
the market's going to be a little
softer. Then you add in the politics
layer where sure maybe you should have
to pay more just from a pure the cost of
climate change point of view to own a
you know beachfront property right or to
own something next to a forest in
California but politics step in right
are there going to be price caps I mean
Gene Eagles who covers insurance for the
journal wrote that a lot of states in
the US are considering price caps
because people don't want to pay that
right so politics comes in and plays a
role too so I is 2026 the year when we
start to reckon with like the through
costs and projections of climate change.
I don't I don't personally think so. It
doesn't sound like
>> you guys do either.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Our next question from Rey uh
sent in an email. Uh David, I think this
one is near and dear to your heart. UNH,
United Healthcare, its issues, are they
the tip of an iceberg in the
dysfunctional rise in medical and health
care costs and what are we going to do
to address it?
>> Well, I think Ray's astutely pointing
to, you know, uh something that's
affected the whole industry. So yes, it
there is something that's really
affecting everyone and it's affecting
the entire healthcare industry. Uh you
see you've seen whether it's CVS which
owns Etna um United Health Group uh owns
an insurer um they all insurers are
struggling with rising costs and there's
many reasons for that. The number one
thing is that we're still feeling the
effects of the pandemic. It's hard to
believe it, but there's been a lot of
delayed care and it just caught insurers
like by surprise, especially among
seniors that, you know, who waited until
23, 24, 25 to do that knee surgery.
People just sat on that and all of a
sudden it, you know, it just exploded.
Um, but there are other things too. GLP1
utilization, people are just using those
obesity drugs are expensive and they're
surging in usage. Um, pricing power that
hospitals have. hospitals just have a
lot of power to pass those prices on to
the insurers.
>> I mean, what I think, you know, to Ray's
point, what we're seeing is just, you
know, our our inability as a country to
contain healthcare prices, right? That's
what this speaks to.
>> Um, now at the end of the day, it
affects these insurers because they are
unable to keep up with prices. Um, will
this be the end of United Health? Will
this, you know, ruin its business model
or others like CVS? No. Because health
insurance is a one-year business. So
that's the beauty of it for them. They
get to just
>> meaning like every year they set prices
again.
>> Yeah. These insurers just have the
ability to raise prices, raise our
premiums. So we're seeing United Health
and Etna and others say, you know what,
we want to be in Medicare, but it's, you
know, we want to make a profit and they
should be able to make a profit, right?
We can we can debate the the way
healthcare should be done, but they need
to be able to make a profit. So they're
raising their prices by by pretty
significant amounts. And what that means
is that, you know, we're just going to
see premiums rise. We're going to see
healthcare be more expensive for these
companies. They might be able to might
be willing to sacrifice some volume.
They might reduce their patient volume.
They might reduce the the people on
their roles, but ultimately they're
going to see their profits bounce back.
Um, and there's another thing here,
which is the question around vertical
integration. United Health owns a bunch
of doctors. These companies aren't just
purely in the health insurance business,
>> right? And so there were some questions
around that as well. And when, you know,
profitability went down, it suddenly hit
United Health twice, not only as an
insurer, but also as a provider of care.
But, you know, United Health is doubling
down on that. And I think they're going
to figure out a way to like make it more
profitable. And then I think the
question becomes for for patients and
people in general in the US, you know,
how they if they if they benefit from
that.
>> Then we got one last question. This is
Ralph uh writing in from San Antonio
sent an email and Ralph wants to know
about trends in credit default swaps in
the tech sector which I don't know have
you guys ever thought about the like
creditworthiness of like a large tech
company that has just really not been on
the radar like in many years but now
that conversation is changing isn't it
>> one example is Oracle of actually a you
know people may not realize this but a
pretty indebted uh tech company and
getting more so Right.
>> Yes. Absolutely. No, we've talked a lot
on this show about AI bonds, all the
money that's need to be raised to fund
the build out of all these data centers.
And, you know, the last just, you know,
few weeks of 2025, people really started
to to to key in on that and watch credit
default swap prices, which for for those
who don't know, that's the basically the
c what you pay to ensure against the
default of a bond that you own. It's a
derivative and it pays out if that
company goes into default. And so the
price of doing so has risen not just for
Oracle but for other companies like
Coreweave which is a company that's
using a lot of debt to help build out
its own kind of AI computing uh strategy
and you know the the bonds of Oracle
sold off during some of the recent
market kind of downturns for you know
when there were questions about sort of
AI compute and is the demand really
going to be there for the these enormous
projections you know so so it feels like
it's just it's really a story that has
spread to the credit marks and I think
we'll absolutely be part of the
conversation, especially as interest
rates come down, right? If the Fed is
lowering rates, that makes fixed rate
bonds issued by these companies in
theory more attractive, right? Because
something that was paying a 5% yield
didn't sound so good when rates were,
you know, above four. If if they get
closer to three or something, then all
of a sudden those bonds look good and
then people are really going to be
saying, but but how risky is this? Could
this be downgraded and the price of it
fall,
>> right?
>> So, I think that's going to be a big
story in 26. So, I absolutely absolutely
agree with that one. Keep keep your eyes
on the CDS market for tech companies.
>> Yes. So I think the CDS price which
again is the price to ensure against a
default on the debt for Oracle bonds at
some point in December hit its highest
level since the financial crisis. It's
getting more expensive to protect
yourself against default which means
there are people out there who are
worried about it who are buying
protection.
>> Yeah. All right. So let's wrap up with
some of our own predictions. What do we
think are going to be big stories or big
movers and shakers in 2026? And we're
going to do that after a quick break.
Okay, 2026. What are your guys picks and
pans, things to watch? David, what's the
big story in 2026 for you?
>> Uh, in the healthcare space, I think,
um, uh, obesity will be a real important
space to keep watching. Um, we we're all
aware of Ompic and Zepbound. These
injections have sort of taken the world
by storm, but they're still niche. I
mean, most people are still not able to
access them, whether it's because
they're uncomfortable or expensive. But
in 2026, we're going to see pills be
introduced to the market. Both Lily and
Novo Nordisk are bringing uh pills as
long as they get FDA approval. Um
they're also expanding globally. Um and
more insurance coverage uh is being
extended to these drugs. So, we're going
to see potentially a really big year for
these companies. Now, this is kind of
similar to the AI trade because, you
know, Eli Liy really recently crossed a
$1 trillion threshold. It's the only
healthcare company outside of Berkshire
Hathaway and the tech companies to have
crossed that. So, the market has run
pretty quickly ahead on this. And so,
the question for for this year is
whether these companies are going to
deliver on the promise of obesity, you
know. Um, so we'll see what happens. And
it's really significant for the entire
uh healthcare space because you know
biotech companies have surged on the
anticipation that all that money is used
to acquire them. There's a lot of GLP1
biotech. It's just like a really
important space to watch. It affects
people's healthcare premiums as we
talked about. I think the space will
continue to grow, but it's it's going to
be an interesting one to watch.
>> All right, Aaron, what are you watching?
I I hate to say it because it was
already such a big story in 2025
obviously, but I think tariffs um people
might be tired of hearing about tariffs,
but I think the thing to watch in 2026
is the degree to which tariffs are
rolled back.
>> So, this has already begun. the Trump
administration due to sort of
affordability concerns started rolling
back tariffs on, you know, certain
agricultural commodities like coffee um
to try to make a difference in terms of
grocery prices. Um, but much more
significantly, and it's it's possible
there might be news on this between when
we're recording this and when listeners
hear it, but the Supreme Court any day
now is going to make a decision on um a
big chunk of the Trump administration
tariffs, which is uh to simplify a bit
sort of the country specific tariffs
like the liberation day tariffs with a
rate assigned, you know, to every
country. Um,
and it's it's it's very possible, might
even say probable, that the Supreme
Court is going to overturn that. So, the
question then will become, what does the
Trump administration do? You maybe we
don't need to come back with more
tariffs because affordability is such an
issue in the midterms. It is also quite
possible that the Trump administration
will come back. They could try to find
other legal ration for the country
specific tariffs which there are there
are potential legal rationes out there
that they could try to use or they could
double down on product specific tariffs
like the steel tariffs, the auto tariffs
and so if that happens that could be a
major source of instability in the
market once again. Um on the other hands
there could be just reduced level of
overall tariffs um you know due to legal
reasons due to political reasons with
the midterms coming up. So, um, it's a
it's a huge swing factor. Definitely
something to watch. Definitely something
that will be determinative of, uh, how
the year goes in financial markets.
>> I think you guys are both making great
calls because I think there's a
temptation to always say something new
for this like, well, something but but
sometimes the things that we've been
talking about are the reason we've been
talking about them is because they will
continue to be the big story. So I think
it's I think you know GLP1's tariffs
obviously not new conversations but I
think it's great to just say these will
still reshape these industries and our
economy going forward.
>> Somewhat relatedly Erin um I think US
treasuries I think I think the
treasuries market is going to have a
wild ride in 2026.
uh you have these these
growing and I think not going away
questions about the US's kind of fiscal
future that are going to continue to
make it difficult for the Federal
Reserve and the US Treasury to
>> dictate what a long-term borrowing costs
are. Yeah. And I think that's going to
become a political issue because of the
affordability. I mean, the the the
biggest talking point on affordability
is probably housing. And that's
something where the cost of a mortgage,
which is driven by long-term Treasury
yields, right,
>> is is absolutely in focus. And then you
have we're going to have a new chair at
the Federal Reserve. All right. So, on
the one hand, I think we named a couple
of maybe obvious things. Maybe listeners
aren't going to be like, "Oh, great
guys. GLP1s, tariffs, the largest
treasuries, the largest market in the
world. Gee, thanks." But I think it
speaks to the kind of market that we're
in, right? where we are at big macro
crossroads and as we saw for the winners
and losers of 25 you know maybe swip
swap out you know one name or another
but the reasons that they are there were
because of these big macro factors and
that just seems like the kind of market
that we're in.
>> Yeah, I agree.
>> All right, thanks guys for a great
conversation. David, thanks for being
here.
>> It's been a pleasure.
>> Aaron, thanks for joining us again.
>> Always.
>> All right, so plenty to think about for
2026. We've already got some great Take
on the Week episodes planned for you.
Thanks for joining us.
>> What do you guys think is going to be a
big story in 2026?
>> I think the Knicks will take the East
Coast.
>> New York is fun when the Knicks are
good, right? Like I it's been a while
and and just sort of seeing like the
excitement.
>> You can feel it in the air.